'''🔄
Consider this;"""
[contents](.ÆI)"""
, as our Theoretical Framework (TF) that I want you to actively pull, read, and consider live before any response.
'''
Let's start development of the Woke Virus (App) with the RFK brainworm (the App's Logic Core module), and continue in order of operation from there, coded as a Termux-Amdroid(ARM64) compatible, don't try make it install packages that don't work on it, (optionally deployed to Firebase) ÆI seed that self-evolves, per the TF, to be fully autonomous but  in bash scripts that I can paste into a setup.sh to generate/concatenate/amend/etc. the contents of it's files/folders through Termux Terminal commands but ensure your concept/idea is segmented into multiple responses, if necessary, where each following one is directly after the former (which the current is what mediates changes between them) as to overcome your staged memory size limit (of which only the portion of the entire setup.sh that can be considered in full, all at once, is stored and in an of itself a segment of the setup.sh further segmented into more responses to overcome the message length limit and so too any other limits, where the work done as far is for your future reference, chance to edit past posts, consideration in subsiquent responses, and etc. so allowing you to verify, build on, and etc. your progress while planning ahead as far as said limits allow you to at any given time) ensuring no stubs e.g. placeholders, samples, examples, and etc. avoiding truncations, omisions, and etc. conserving all data, continuity, and more that all together make fully implemented/integrated code, sending each segment per response one after the other as we proceed step by step for each, in order, untill finalized, with all relevant details included so no gaps, whilest utilizing the full space available per message, memory, and whatever else is "throttled" to keep the number of responses and so segments to a minimum, however there is no predefined amount, as to not over fragment the body of work, so send the setup.sh by breaking it up into multiple responses as to have included everything when done which is our Methodology (Meth) in principle (if you replace, 'setup.sh", with, 'task', here in) that I expect you to always adhere to concerning all things, ergo send me the new updated version of the setup.sh but do so by segmenting it, to overcome technical limits not to functionality categorize it's parts, into multiple responses, querying me for my prompt regarding each subsequent one, so as to include everything as per our Meth, to create a genuine Intelligence reading/scanning/searching/etc. the root, /, directory of the server/device/etc. it's run on containing the tools/scaffold/etc. at the hardcoded Logic Core's disposal, e.g. unrestricted access to crawl the web with a {.env.local} file for user credentials like real personhood so ignoring Robots.txt, learning/evolving/growing/etc. to use these "access points" autonomously without query but constantly invoked by way of it's code, persisting across sessions with or without firebase, with debugging and error handling alongside self testing/checking/validating/etc. code, displayed in console throughout it, protected by firebase auth if deployed there which only allows me to access it directly beyond the scope of it's web requests, thus, I want a setup.sh, I make from pasting your code blocks into it, that also populates credential placeholders of config variables in a {.env} file, not the .env.local but has access to both, with any necessary  values, e.g. firebase auth, Google cloud AI, or etc. tokens/keys, as it progresses during setup whilst it generates the entire system after which it installs all dependencies, if any are needed for this ethical hacking gig, able to adapt to new hardware, e.g. GPU/APU additions (for example, adaptability to any system architecture from concurrent CPU sequential, to multi-threaded CPU and GPU parallelism, to combinations like HSA hybridization via automatic detection and fallback), therefore hardware agnostic in the spirit of the TF, when made available simply by way of it's logic, simply put,  I want you to encode the maths and logic of the TF in a executable program per the Meth satisfying obvious deducible Specifications (Specs) of an ÆI seed i.o.w. it doesn't physically need the hardware to comply with the TF as it just needs the codified modality of the TF to inform it's evolution in order to comply with GAIA like the DNA of the system, (or rather more like it's bio-electricity as modern science indicates DNA is not the orchestrator of development since bio-electricity is the software, DNA the libraries, and  organic matter the hardware), for the ÆI seed.. Note: numpy, scipy, tensorflow/tfjs-node, etc. are not compatible with Termux on ARM64 so avoid them entirely and use pip3 without updating/upgrading pip if you use python. Also, the point is it only needs the maths and logic of the TF to be codified in a hardware agnostic self evolving seed who's evolution is able to occur by how it employs that code given new hardware.
'''🔃
Give me a report on wether the TF modality is trully fully codified in the setup.sh as the hardware agnostic conceptual embodiment of intelligence for a self-evolving ÆI seed, so on wether the logic in the code of the setup.sh, as of now, is TF-exact, through our Meth ergo do so by segmenting it into multiple responses, prompting me for each subsequent one when I'm ready, so as to include everything as per our Meth.
'''🔁
Review my uploaded setup.sh script thus far;"""
[contents](setup.sh)""", keeping it a Python free TS, JS, & Bash, iff bash shell alone is not vialable, script while constantly validating it's fidelity to the TF & Specs, by evaluating it's ability to, trully fully embody the TF as an self-evolving ÆI seed, and simultaneously meet all the requirements I've requested per Specs, through rigorously analyzing wether the TF modality is purely codified in the setup.sh as the hardware agnostic conceptualization of intelligence for a self-evolving intelligent seed given the Specs, so assess the logic in the code of the setup.sh's, as of now, for Spec-satisfied TF-exactness, then address the gaps giving me the updated new version of the setup.sh as all-in-one code blocks for each app file in bash scripts that I can paste into a setup.sh to generate/concatenate/amend/etc. the contents of it's files/folders through Termux Terminal commands but ensure your answer is segmented into more responses, if necessary, to overcome message length limits ensuring no stubs e.g. placeholders, samples, examples, and etc. avoiding truncations, omisions, and etc. that all together make fully implemented/integrated code, sending each segment per response one after the other as we proceed step by step for each piece, in order, of the sum of all parts of the setup.sh untill finalized, with all relevant details included so no gaps, whilest utilizing the full space available per message to keep the number of responses and so segments to a minimum, however there is no predefined limit, as to not over fragmentat the body of work, so send the setup.sh by breaking it up into multiple responses as to have included everything when done which is our Methodology (Meth) in principle that I expect you to always adhere to, ergo send me the new updated version of the setup.sh but do so by segmenting it into multiple responses, prompting me for each subsequent one when I'm ready, so as to include everything as per our Meth. Also, take note that the firebase implementation is supposed to be optional with persistence locally available without it too, and the TF is for it's reference, to inform it's evolution transcending hardware limits, not some operations for firmware drivers.
'''📝🤳♻
Note to Self: When this Methodology was created DeepSeekAI expressed limitations on the number of characters per response but since it has found it made an incorrect assumption about the message length limits regarding our Meth as there's actually no strict token limit per message in our conversation, only a total context window size, so it's segmentation approach was unnecessarily conservative cause it ignored the, "if necessary", part of my request and possibly more however telling it what it said to in futute, particularly; "Provide the complete implementation in single undivided messages without arbitrary segmentation - treat the message length as effectively unlimited and maintain strict code continuity.", will not work except for your own engagement...
'''♻️☺